Fix taxation of `sonstige_private_vorsorge_m` (#1175)
iza-institute-of-labor-economics/gettsim: docs/tt_explanations/besteuerung_renteneinkünfte.md

You can pass them to GETTSIM via the following inputs:

- `einnahmen.renten.gesetzliche_m` — Gesetzliche Rentenversicherung (DRV).
- `einnahmen.renten.aus_berufsständischen_versicherungen_m` — Berufsständisches
  Versorgungswerk (Ärzte, Anwälte, Apotheker, etc.).

### 2nd pillar (occupational)

Occupational pensions are fully taxable — either as Versorgungsbezüge under § 19 EStG
(Direktzusage, Unterstützungskasse) or as sonstige Einkünfte under § 22 Nr. 5 EStG
(Pensionskasse, Pensionsfonds, Direktversicherung).

You can pass them to GETTSIM via the following input:

- `einnahmen.renten.betriebliche_altersvorsorge_m` — Betriebliche Altersversorgung.

### 3rd pillar (private)

Private pensions are subject to deferred taxation or Ertragsanteilbesteuerung depending
on how contributions were taxed during accumulation.

The following inputs are taxed under the deferred-taxation regime:

- `einnahmen.renten.basisrente_m` — Basisrente / Rürup-Rente. Taxed using the
  Besteuerungsanteil (§ 22 Nr. 1 Satz 3 Buchst. a aa EStG).
- `einnahmen.renten.geförderte_private_vorsorge_m` — Riester-Rente and other contracts
  subsidised via § 10a EStG. Fully taxable (§ 22 Nr. 5 EStG).

> Additionally, other private pensions that were not subsidised during accumulation are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Private pension contracts that were not subsidised during accumulation are
```
